Give me a drink.
Mr. Shen, in order not to delay work
I'd prefer tea instead of wine.
tea
I don't have tea here.
Just a glass of wine
Can't delay your work
And you came to me
You have to listen to me.
Really not, Mr. Shen
You are not giving me face.
How could it be that I will try my best at the celebration dinner another day?
But it's work time, the workplace
I can't break the rules.
I have to let you drink it
It seems that Mr. Shen doesn't want to talk about cooperation
Mr. Shen
For the trial tribunal
Since you guessed it
Then you should know what to do with this glass of wine
What Shen Pinting committed is human evidence and physical evidence
I know that Mr. Shen is protective of his daughter
But you should be reasonable
Your blind favoritism will only harm him
Fortunately, no one died this time.
Otherwise
Mr. Shen, you, including the Shen family, will accept the visa.
It seems that Mr. Shen does not want to talk about cooperation today
I'll go first then.
Stop! Did I let you go?
Mr. Shen's cooperation this time
It took our two families nearly half a year of hard work
Just made it happen
I'm sure you don't want an accident either
You are intimidating